add op stack walkthrough to docs (#1789)
celestiaorg/docs: how-to-guides/optimism.md

This guide will show you how to run your own OP Stack devnet and testnet that posts data to Celestia's Mocha testnet using [roll-op](https://github.com/celestiaorg/roll-op) and [op-plasma-celestia](https://github.com/celestiaorg/op-plasma-celestia).

> The roll-op tool is used to deploy and manage the OP Stack rollup environment, including the rollup, batcher, and other components. While the op-plasma-celestia integration allows the OP Stack to utilize Celestia's Mocha testnet as the data availability (DA) layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roll-op tool is used to deploy and manage the OP Stack rollup environment, including the rollup, batcher, and other components. While the op-plasma-celestia integration allows the OP Stack to use Celestia as the data availability (DA) layer.
```

This guide is in two parts:

- First, you'll spin up a mock L1 environment and deploy a devnet that posts data to the Mocha testnet. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
